What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  acted in the film  'Star Trek: Nemesis'? (Original Triple: 'Bryan Singer',  acted in the film,  'Star Trek: Nemesis')) 
What is the name of the entity that is a medium and is a object and is used for store movies and is used for negative and is a sheet that  is an award-winning work with awards won by  'Gabriel Yared'? (Original Triple: 'City of Angels',  is an award-winning work with awards won by,  'Gabriel Yared')) 
What is the name of the entity thatcountry is located at it andcountry is located at it andcountry is located at it andcountry is located at it andcountry is located at it that  contains  'St. Augustine'? (Original Triple: 'United States of America',  contains,  'St. Augustine')) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  acted in the film  'X-Men'? (Original Triple: 'Stan Lee',  acted in the film,  'X-Men')) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  has won awards such as  'Alan Bennett'? (Original Triple: 'Scott Rudin',  has won awards such as,  'Alan Bennett')) 
What is the name of the entity that is a point and is a occupation and is a bodily property and is a attitude and is a orientation that  holds the office in the jurisdiction of  'Dominica'? (Original Triple: 'prime minister',  holds the office in the jurisdiction of,  'Dominica')) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  was nominated for the award  'Skyfall'? (Original Triple: 'Roger Deakins',  was nominated for the award,  'Skyfall')) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  acted in the film  'Rocky V'? (Original Triple: 'Burt Young',  acted in the film,  'Rocky V')) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  has won awards such as  'Larenz Tate'? (Original Triple: 'Don Cheadle',  has won awards such as,  'Larenz Tate')) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  acted in the film  'The Untouchables'? (Original Triple: 'John Barrowman',  acted in the film,  'The Untouchables')) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  has been nominated for the award  'Thomas Little'? (Original Triple: 'Richard Day',  has been nominated for the award,  'Thomas Little')) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  plays for the team  'Doncaster Rovers F.C.'? (Original Triple: 'David Healy',  plays for the team,  'Doncaster Rovers F.C.')) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  has won awards such as  'Justina Machado'? (Original Triple: 'Freddy Rodriguez',  has won awards such as,  'Justina Machado')) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  is friends with  'Steve Carell'? (Original Triple: 'Stephen Colbert',  is friends with,  'Steve Carell')) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  acted in the film  'A Beautiful Mind'? (Original Triple: 'Russell Crowe',  acted in the film,  'A Beautiful Mind')) 
What is the name of the entity that is a point and is a occupation and is a bodily property and is a attitude and is a orientation that  works for the company  'Ford Motor Company'? (Original Triple: 'vice president',  works for the company,  'Ford Motor Company')) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  participated in a breakup with  'Krista Allen'? (Original Triple: 'George Clooney',  participated in a breakup with,  'Krista Allen')) 
What is the name of the entity thatcountry is located at it andcountry is located at it andcountry is located at it andcountry is located at it andcountry is located at it that  has the capital  'Algiers'? (Original Triple: 'Algeria',  has the capital,  'Algiers')) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  acted in the film  'The Purple Rose of Cairo'? (Original Triple: 'Van Johnson',  acted in the film,  'The Purple Rose of Cairo')) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  was nominated for the award  'Terminator 2: Judgment Day'? (Original Triple: 'Conrad Buff IV',  was nominated for the award,  'Terminator 2: Judgment Day')) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  was nominated for the award  'Batman Forever'? (Original Triple: 'Val Kilmer',  was nominated for the award,  'Batman Forever')) 
What is the name of the entity that is a point and is a occupation and is a bodily property and is a attitude and is a orientation that  is a leader of the organization  'Hampton University'? (Original Triple: 'president',  is a leader of the organization,  'Hampton University')) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  was nominated for the award  "Ocean's Thirteen? (Original Triple: 'George Clooney',  was nominated for the award,  "Ocean's Thirteen)) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  was nominated for the award  'Knocked Up'? (Original Triple: 'Judd Apatow',  was nominated for the award,  'Knocked Up')) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  acted in the film  'Holes'? (Original Triple: 'Patricia Arquette',  acted in the film,  'Holes')) 
What is the name of the entity that is a medium and is a object and is used for store movies and is used for negative and is a sheet that  is an award-winning work with awards won by  'Benicio del Toro'? (Original Triple: 'The Usual Suspects',  is an award-winning work with awards won by,  'Benicio del Toro')) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  has a friendship with  'Liev Schreiber'? (Original Triple: 'Dustin Hoffman',  has a friendship with,  'Liev Schreiber')) 
What is the name of the entity that is used for communication and a word is a part of it and is a faculty and lexis is a part of it and vocabulary is a part of it that  is spoken in  'Kazakhstan'? (Original Triple: 'Ukrainian',  is spoken in,  'Kazakhstan')) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  acted in the film  "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest? (Original Triple: 'Jack Nicholson',  acted in the film,  "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest)) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  was nominated for  'Another World'? (Original Triple: 'Elizabeth Page',  was nominated for,  'Another World')) 
What is the name of the entity that is a medium and is a object and is used for store movies and is used for negative and is a sheet that  has Penn Jillette as a crewmember in the film  'Penn Jillette'? (Original Triple: 'The Aristocrats',  has Penn Jillette as a crewmember in the film,  'Penn Jillette')) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  has been nominated for the award  'Eriq La Salle'? (Original Triple: 'Maria Bello',  has been nominated for the award,  'Eriq La Salle')) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  acted in the film  'DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story'? (Original Triple: 'Jason Bateman',  acted in the film,  'DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story')) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  dated  'Dean Cain'? (Original Triple: 'Teri Hatcher',  dated,  'Dean Cain')) 
What is the name of the entity thatcontinent is located at it and is a landmass and subcontinent is a part of it and craton is a part of it and is capable of containb several countries that  has countries within  'Poland'? (Original Triple: 'Europe',  has countries within,  'Poland')) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  has lived in  'Beirut'? (Original Triple: 'Stewart Copeland',  has lived in,  'Beirut')) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  was influenced by  'J. R. R. Tolkien'? (Original Triple: 'Ursula K. Le Guin',  was influenced by,  'J. R. R. Tolkien')) 
What is the name of the entity that is used for making money and is a acting and has the property of opening early and is a aim and is a concern that  has its headquarters in the city  'Norwalk'? (Original Triple: 'Xerox',  has its headquarters in the city,  'Norwalk')) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  has been nominated for the award  'Charlton Heston'? (Original Triple: 'Marilyn Monroe',  has been nominated for the award,  'Charlton Heston')) 
What is the name of the entity that is a medium and is a object and is used for store movies and is used for negative and is a sheet that  is produced by  'Mario Kassar'? (Original Triple: 'Chaplin',  is produced by,  'Mario Kassar')) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  has been nominated for the award  'Kathleen Quinlan'? (Original Triple: 'Ed Harris',  has been nominated for the award,  'Kathleen Quinlan')) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  has lived in  'Nagano Prefecture'? (Original Triple: 'Joe Hisaishi',  has lived in,  'Nagano Prefecture')) 
What is the name of the entity that is used for making money and is a acting and has the property of opening early and is a aim and is a concern that  distributes films  'Restless'? (Original Triple: 'Columbia Pictures',  distributes films,  'Restless')) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  dated  'George Raft'? (Original Triple: 'Betty Grable',  dated,  'George Raft')) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  acted in the film  'The Mummy'? (Original Triple: 'Rachel Weisz',  acted in the film,  'The Mummy')) 
What is the name of the entity that is a point and is a occupation and is a bodily property and is a attitude and is a orientation that  works for the company  'Avid Technology'? (Original Triple: 'chief technology officer',  works for the company,  'Avid Technology')) 
What is the name of the entity thatcountry is located at it andcountry is located at it andcountry is located at it andcountry is located at it andcountry is located at it that  has second level divisions  'Orange County'? (Original Triple: 'United States of America',  has second level divisions,  'Orange County')) 
What is the name of the entity that is a school andcollege is located at it and is used for learning and is a body and is a educational institution that  is an educational institution campus of  'Yale College'? (Original Triple: 'Yale College',  is an educational institution campus of,  'Yale College')) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  has been nominated for the award  'Jay Kogen'? (Original Triple: 'Jerry Belson',  has been nominated for the award,  'Jay Kogen')) 
What is the name of the entity that has five fingers on each hand and is capable of think critically and has two arms and has two legs and two arms and is capable of walk on two legs that  was nominated for the award  'Veer-Zaara'? (Original Triple: 'Preity Zinta',  was nominated for the award,  'Veer-Zaara')) 
